Added instructions for enabling/disabling enhancement sync job to enhancements handbook (#2373)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/enhancements/README.md

  - Make sure that number of in-tree open issues with current milestone matches number of opted-in enhancements by checking the Enhancements Tracking Board and GitHub issues with the current milestone. **Note**: in-tree refers to KEPs with PRs inside the [kubernetes/kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) repository.
- If a previously removed Enhancement has had their exception Approved, set their **Enhancement Status** to `tracked for enhancement freeze` in the Enhancement Tracking Board.
- On Freeze day, email [Kubernetes-Dev](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev) that freeze has happened and upcoming key dates. Examples [1](https://groups.google.com/g/kubernetes-dev/c/JDM7bNKvhqQ/m/8S7BXtXPBQAJ).
- Disable the [periodic-sync-enhancements-github-project](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes/sig-k8s-infra/trusted/sig-release-release-team-jobs/release-team-periodics.yaml#L2) cronjob which syncs enhancements where the `lead-opt-in` label has been added to the GitHub project board.

>   - Disable the job by commenting the `interval` and uncommenting the impossible cron date. You can see how this was done in the v.129 release in [this commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/commit/064dd07f0164c2aadc12d611f5a851d6cc40afdd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disable the job by commenting the `interval` and uncommenting the impossible cron date. You can see how this was done in the v1.29 release in [this commit](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/commit/064dd07f0164c2aadc12d611f5a851d6cc40afdd).
```
